README.md, before:

# data_science_bootcamp

Collection of some programming assignments completed for Practicum's Data Scientist professional training program.

| Project Name  | Notebook      | Description   | Dependencies  | Sprint Number  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 
| [classifying_churn](https://github.com/renee127/classifying_churn)  | [classifying_churn.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/classifying_churn/blob/main/classifying_churn.ipynb)  | Used machine learning and data balancing techniques to create a predictive model for churn producing an AUC-ROC higher than the target AUC-ROC (0.93 versus goal of > 0.88).  | NumPy, Pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, math, time, functools, re, IPython.display, sklearn, catboost, lightgbm, xgboost, random, sys  | 15 (final)  |
| [computer_vision](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/tree/main/computer_vision) | [computer_vision.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/blob/main/computer_vision/computer_vision.ipynb)  | Use supplied photos to build and test a regression model to predict age on a continuous scale  | Pandas, Seaborn, matplotlib, tensorflow, keras  | 14  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 13  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 12  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 11  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 10  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 9  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 8  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 7  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 6  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 5  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 4 |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 3 |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 2  |
| [credit_scoring](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/tree/main/credit_scoring) | [15_credit_scoring_sprint_1.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/blob/main/credit_scoring/credit_scoring.ipynb) | Create a credit score for potential customers for a loan examining marital status and number of children as features. | NumPy, Pandas | 1  |






Authors

Renee Raven

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details

Commit message:

added ml_for_text sentiment analysis

README.md, after:

# data_science_bootcamp

Collection of some programming assignments completed for Practicum's Data Scientist professional training program.

| Project Name  | Notebook      | Description   | Dependencies  | Sprint Number  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 
| [classifying_churn](https://github.com/renee127/classifying_churn)  | [classifying_churn.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/classifying_churn/blob/main/classifying_churn.ipynb)  | Used machine learning and data balancing techniques to create a predictive model for churn producing an AUC-ROC higher than the target AUC-ROC (0.93 versus goal of > 0.88).  | NumPy, Pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, math, time, functools, re, IPython.display, sklearn, catboost, lightgbm, xgboost, random, sys  | 15 (final)  |
| [computer_vision](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/tree/main/computer_vision) | [computer_vision.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/blob/main/computer_vision/computer_vision.ipynb)  | Use supplied photos to build and test a regression model to predict age on a continuous scale.  | Pandas, Seaborn, matplotlib, tensorflow, keras  | 14  |
| [ml_for_text](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/tree/main/ml_for_text) | [ml_for_text.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/blob/main/ml_for_text/ml_for_texts.ipynb) | Train a model for classifying positive and negative reviews with a F1 score of at least 0.85. | NumPy, Pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, re, math, tgdm | 13  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 12  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 11  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 10  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 9  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 8  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 7  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 6  |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 5  |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | 4 |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 3 |
| Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | Content Cell  | 2  |
| [credit_scoring](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/tree/main/credit_scoring) | [15_credit_scoring_sprint_1.ipynb](https://github.com/renee127/data_science_bootcamp/blob/main/credit_scoring/credit_scoring.ipynb) | Create a credit score for potential customers for a loan examining marital status and number of children as features. | NumPy, Pandas | 1  |






Authors

Renee Raven

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details
